local blacktheme = Color3.fromRGB(23,23,23)
local blacktheme2 = Color3.fromRGB(34,34,34)
local blacktheme3 = Color3.fromRGB(19,19,19)
local blacktheme4 = Color3.fromRGB(96,96,96)
local white = Color3.fromRGB(255,255,255)
game:GetService("Players").LocalPlayer.PlayerGui.Home.hud.Topbar.Pulldownmenu.BackgroundColor3 = blacktheme
game:GetService("Players").LocalPlayer.PlayerGui.Home.hud.Topbar.titleBar.BackgroundColor3 = blacktheme3
game:GetService("Players").LocalPlayer.PlayerGui.Home.hud.Topbar.Pulldownmenu.tb.BackgroundColor3 = blacktheme
game:GetService("Players").LocalPlayer.PlayerGui.Home.hud.ClockFrame.BackgroundColor3 = blacktheme
game:GetService("Players").LocalPlayer.PlayerGui.Home.hud.MenuButton.BackgroundColor3 = blacktheme
game:GetService("Players").LocalPlayer.PlayerGui.Home.hud.MenuButton.MenuFrame.respawn.BackgroundColor3 = blacktheme
game:GetService("Players").LocalPlayer.PlayerGui.Home.hud.MenuButton.MenuFrame.respawn.TextColor3 = white
game:GetService("Players").LocalPlayer.PlayerGui.Home.hud.MenuButton.MenuFrame.votekick.BackgroundColor3 = blacktheme
game:GetService("Players").LocalPlayer.PlayerGui.Home.hud.MenuButton.MenuFrame.gamepasses.BackgroundColor3 = blacktheme
game:GetService("Players").LocalPlayer.PlayerGui.Home.intro.okFrame.tb1.BackgroundColor3 = blacktheme
game:GetService("Players").LocalPlayer.PlayerGui.Home.intro.okFrame.tb1.BorderColor3 = blacktheme3
game:GetService("Players").LocalPlayer.PlayerGui.Home.intro.okFrame.Frame.BackgroundColor3 = blacktheme
game:GetService("Players").LocalPlayer.PlayerGui.Home.intro.okFrame.BackgroundColor3 = blacktheme3
game:GetService("Players").LocalPlayer.PlayerGui.Home.intro.NoticeFrame.BackgroundColor3 = blacktheme
game:GetService("Players").LocalPlayer.PlayerGui.Home.intro.NoticeFrame.tb1.BackgroundColor3 = blacktheme3
game:GetService("Players").LocalPlayer.PlayerGui.Home.intro.NoticeFrame.tb1.BorderColor3 = blacktheme2
game:GetService("Players").LocalPlayer.PlayerGui.Home.intro.NoticeFrame.tb2.BackgroundColor3 = blacktheme3
game:GetService("Players").LocalPlayer.PlayerGui.Home.intro.NoticeFrame.tb2.BorderColor3 = blacktheme2
game:GetService("Players").LocalPlayer.PlayerGui.Home.intro.Content.menus.teamsGui.Guards.Button.BackgroundColor3 = blacktheme
game:GetService("Players").LocalPlayer.PlayerGui.Home.intro.Content.menus.teamsGui.Guards.Button.BorderColor3 = blacktheme3
game:GetService("Players").LocalPlayer.PlayerGui.Home.intro.Content.menus.teamsGui.Prisoners.Button.BackgroundColor3 = blacktheme
game:GetService("Players").LocalPlayer.PlayerGui.Home.intro.Content.menus.teamsGui.Prisoners.Button.BorderColor3 = blacktheme3
game:GetService("Players").LocalPlayer.PlayerGui.Home.intro.Content.menus.premium.riot.BackgroundColor3 = blacktheme
game:GetService("Players").LocalPlayer.PlayerGui.Home.intro.Content.menus.premium.riot.BorderColor3 = blacktheme3
game:GetService("Players").LocalPlayer.PlayerGui.Home.intro.Content.menus.premium.TextLabel.BackgroundColor3 = blacktheme
game:GetService("Players").LocalPlayer.PlayerGui.Home.intro.Content.menus.premium.TextLabel.BorderColor3 = blacktheme3
game:GetService("Players").LocalPlayer.PlayerGui.Home.intro.Content.menus.premium.riot.TextLabel.BackgroundColor3 = blacktheme
game:GetService("Players").LocalPlayer.PlayerGui.Home.intro.Content.Buttons.premium.BackgroundColor3 = blacktheme
game:GetService("Players").LocalPlayer.PlayerGui.Home.intro.Content.Buttons.premium.BorderColor3 = blacktheme3
game:GetService("Players").LocalPlayer.PlayerGui.Home.intro.Content.Buttons.help.BackgroundColor3 = blacktheme
game:GetService("Players").LocalPlayer.PlayerGui.Home.intro.Content.Buttons.help.BorderColor3 = blacktheme3
game:GetService("Players").LocalPlayer.PlayerGui.Home.intro.Content.Buttons.teamsGui.BackgroundColor3 = blacktheme
game:GetService("Players").LocalPlayer.PlayerGui.Home.intro.Content.Buttons.teamsGui.BorderColor3 = blacktheme3
game:GetService("Players").LocalPlayer.PlayerGui.Home.intro.Content.Buttons.help.TextLabel.TextColor3 = white
game:GetService("Players").LocalPlayer.PlayerGui.Home.intro.Content.menus.help.help2.BackgroundColor3 = blacktheme
game:GetService("Players").LocalPlayer.PlayerGui.Home.intro.Content.menus.help.help.BackgroundColor3 = blacktheme
game:GetService("Players").LocalPlayer.PlayerGui.Home.intro.Content.menus.teamsGui.Guards.BorderColor3 = blacktheme3
game:GetService("Players").LocalPlayer.PlayerGui.Home.intro.Content.menus.teamsGui.Guards.BackgroundColor3 = blacktheme
game:GetService("Players").LocalPlayer.PlayerGui.Home.intro.Content.menus.teamsGui.Prisoners.BackgroundColor3 = blacktheme
game:GetService("Players").LocalPlayer.PlayerGui.Home.intro.Content.menus.teamsGui.Prisoners.BorderColor3 = blacktheme3
game:GetService("Players").LocalPlayer.PlayerGui.Home.intro.Content.menus.help.Frame.TextLabel.TextColor3 = blacktheme
game:GetService("Players").LocalPlayer.PlayerGui.Home.intro.Content.menus.help.Frame.TextLabel.TextColor3 = blacktheme
game:GetService("Players").LocalPlayer.PlayerGui.Home.intro.Title.etc.Text = 'Thanks for using scorpion!'